[sqlite] add localStorage API (#38699)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/sqlite.mdx

+ import AsyncStorage from 'expo-sqlite/kv-store';
```

### The `localStorage` API

> The `expo-sqlite/localStorage/install` library provides a drop-in replacement for the [`localStorage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage) API. This is useful if you're currently using `localStorage` in your project. To use it, you just need to import the `expo-sqlite/localStorage/install` module:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `expo-sqlite/localStorage/install` module provides a drop-in implementation for the [`localStorage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage) API. This is useful if you're currently using `localStorage` in your project. To use it, you just need to import the `expo-sqlite/localStorage/install` module:
```

```ts Install globalThis.localStorage
import 'expo-sqlite/localStorage/install';

globalThis.localStorage.setItem('key', 'value');
console.log(globalThis.localStorage.getItem('key')); // 'value'
```

> 

Reviewer: Document that property accessor syntax is not supported and give examples (set, get, delete).
